this is the Ibis 150 fitted to our
Holden Commodore just post here we main
sit it to the car it's braced to the
side killer and a glass this rant most
always taken on the floor over here we
have the battery connection
it's the socket of connect the directly
to the battery this is an optional
storage treble bag store the Ibis 150
all the components to other components
that make up the hoist and the chest bar
slides onto there now we're ready for
the
once the client is wheeled up to the
moist I touched the fall Clips better on
the sling on to the chest back to cliffs
going through the legs two clips on the
sides and we're ready to the mat of a
chair
lift the find up are they free from the
chair sitting very comfortably in the
sling once you've got them raised being
weary that you don't mind take in the
cap
and sir in position just a matter of
pushing them on their knees so they sit
squarely back into the seat and now
they're sitting comfortably
I'll take the hoist away
that appliance in your seat can leave
this thing on them to the wife for
travel